- [Instructor] Event detection and reactions
are some of the coolest parts of a stream data platform
that I've been involved at at any level.
I just want to briefly discuss it
because I feel that that provides
some of the most positive experiences for a developer.
The use cases for inventing can be pretty wide open.
There's always a need for real time reactions
to behavior on the system.
The power really comes from finding the value
for investing in the event,
and then optimizing on that value.
One of the first use cases I was involved with,
and definitely one that makes a lot of sense
is stopping bad behavior.
Obviously this can span from operational runtime issues
to bad actors attacking systems,
which is where I was first introduced to this model.
Some members of my team built a system
where patterns had been identified through analytics.
They then created real time analytics jobs
within the stream gate of platform
when bad actor events occurred.
And this triggered a system event
that alerted the security operation center.
Another and more positive use case
is to use event data to trigger positive reactions
in the system.
Consider for a moment, a valid use case I've read about
where a company offered two discount codes at random.
They built an engine that evaluated the engagement rate
on the two codes for analytics purposes.
Now, if they had been using an event engine,
they could have triggered a reaction based on this data.
They found that a 10% discount rate
was actually more successful than a 15% rate
in getting customers to engage.
The assumption here was that the math
was easier to calculate and inventing engine
that triggered from the analytics data
could have immediately flexed the discount rate
based on engagement to find that sweet spot.
This again is the power of this process immediate reactions,
the implementation of the event can be synchronous
or asynchronous, it really doesn't matter.
The key here is that all of this analytics data
out of a stream data platform
can actually be used to trigger real time events
not only for people to look at,
but for the system to actually heal itself.